FEAT-#4412: Add Batch Pipeline API to Modin (#4452)
modin-project/modin: docs/usage_guide/advanced_usage/batch.rst

Batch Pipline API Usage Guide
=============================

Modin provides an experimental batching feature that pipelines row-parallel queries. This feature 

> is currently only supported for the ``ray`` engine. Please note that this feature is experimental

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is currently only supported for the ``PandasOnRay`` execution. Please note that this feature is experimental
```
